Inferno Second Edition, 1999 (Lucent's Release 2.3 Build 265i)

This is an historical snapshot of the bulk of the last Inferno source tree received by Vita Nuova
in mid 1999 from Lucent's Inferno Business Unit, which was being shut down.
It is not intended to be usable, nor is it intended that it run or even compile on any current platform.
It was Lucent's Release 2.3 Build 265i.
In Vita Nuova's naming, it corresponds to Inferno Second Edition.
Vita Nuova had been involved in Inferno development as an Inferno customer since 1996,
and as contractors to the Business Unit since 1997 (starting with the first PowerPC port).
It acquired rights to Inferno from Lucent in March 2000, and produced its own Inferno
release as Inferno Third Edition ca. July 2000.
Until that release, Inferno was not normally distributed in complete source form, even to
native port customers (hence the Dist.a archive references in os).
Thus, this historical distribution will for many be the first sight of the source as it then was.
(forsyth@vitanuova.com, 19 October 2007)

It excludes various proprietary ports and other third-party material in the source tree we received.

This software was originally provided by Lucent Technologies Inc under NOTICE.orig and LICENSE.orig.
It is now being made available under the new licence in NOTICE, by Vita Nuova Holdings Limited,
under an agreement with Lucent on 1 March 2000.

* README.orig is the original README
* os/js was a quick port to the JavaStation (which ran fast under Inferno!) by a skunkworks group in the Business Unit,
for display at JavaOne, but someone decided not to ruffle Sun's feathers.
* os/sa1100 ran on various desktop phone development kits
* os/mpc was done by Vita Nuova as a port to the Motorola 823 FADS board with a slightly erratic early chip version
* os/kfs and os/port/devkfs.c adapted "Ken's File System" from Plan 9 to provide permanent storage for native Inferno
(similarly kfs and emu/devkfs.c). It was later replaced by a Limbo program.
